Translator: Ayman Mahmoud Checker: Anwar Dafa-Alla
I think I was supposed to talk about my first book,
Entitled "Flash," which is about issuing instant judgments and first impressions.
It will be issued in January, so that each of you can buy three copies for yourself.
But I thought about it differently.
I realized that although my new book made me happy,
And I think it makes my mom happy as well,
The book is not - really - about happiness.
So I decided instead to talk about the person who
I think all Americans are happy
Perhaps over the past 20 years.
Man is a great hero for me.
A man named Howard Moskowitz
Which was famous for its re-creation of the spaghetti sauce
Howard in this length, and the large body,
In his sixties, the lenses of his glasses are very thick
He has light gray hair, and enjoys a high degree of vitality and sensitivity,
He has a parrot, he likes to listen to the opera,
He has a keen passion for the history of the Middle Ages.
By profession, he is a psychologist
Now, I must tell you that I have no idea what psychological physics is,
Although I was in a stage of my life I was dating a girl for two years and was on her way
To obtain a doctorate degree in psychological physics.
I should tell you a bit about that relationship. (Laughter)
As far as I know, mental physics is about measuring things.
Howard is very interested in measuring things.
He graduated from Harvard University with a doctorate,
He established an advisory office in White Plains, New York,
And one of its early clients. That was years ago in the 1970s
One of his earliest customers was Pepsi
They came to him saying,
Learn, there is a new substance called aspartame (a low calorie local substance)
We would like to make Pepsi food diet.
We want you to determine how much aspartame should be added
In each pack so that we have the best drink "OK?
Now it seems like a straightforward question that needs to be answered,
That's what Howard thought. Because Pepsi told him,
"Look, we are in a desalination range between 8 percent and 12 percent.
Desalination ratio If you say about eight percent, the drink will not be sufficiently dissolved,
If the desalination rate increases by 12 percent, they will be dissolved at an unacceptable level.
We want to know, what is the super-sweetening ratio between eight and 12 percent? "
Now, if I give you this problem, you'd say it's so easy.
What we're going to do is get a sample of the Pepsi drink for the test,
On all degrees of desalination .. Eight percent, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3
Until we reach the 12 percent rate
We put the results on a graph curve,
And we choose the most preferred concentration ratio.Also well? Very simple.
Howard tests, collects data, and places them in a graph curve,
And suddenly he discovers that there are no curves
In fact, the data do not give any indication.
It became a gale at the end of the experiment.
Now, most workers in the field of tasting foods and similar,
Do not panic if the statements come to them so chaotic.
They think, uh well, our discovery of people's views in a cola drink is not as easy as we thought.
Or do you know? Maybe we made a technical mistake during the experiment.
Let's guess here,
They pick up the stick from the middle by choosing the 10 percent between the 8 and 12 percent.
Howard does not rest easy for him.
Howard is a man of high scientific standards.
The result was not enough at all for him,
He has been fascinated by this dilemma for years
He was thinking deeply and wondering, Where is the mistake?
Why can not we derive a satisfactory result from the Pepsi diet experience?
One day he was sitting at dinner in White Plains
He tries to indulge in a dream of vigilance in favor of Niskavih
Suddenly the answer came as a bolt.
They were; during their analysis of Pepsi's diet data,
They were asking the wrong question.
Their aim was to reach the best combination of Pepsi,
But they were supposed to arrive at the best combinations of Pepsi. Trust me.
This was a tremendous inspiration
This was one of the most interesting discoveries in scientific research related to food.
Howard went straight into the street
He spoke at many conferences across the United States,
He was standing and saying,
"You were looking for the best combination of Pepsi.
They should have been looking for the best combinations of Pepsi
People look at him with empty eyes, and say,
"What are you talking about?
They say, "Move! Let's listen to the next"
He tried to find a job for himself, and no one could hire him
He talks about it, talks about it and talks about it.
Howard likes the saying of Eastern European Jews
"Radish for radish leaves, is the world"
His idea was that his face - his world - was completely over him! (Laughter)
In the end, he had this great discovery. Flask Pickles came to him,
Mr. Moscowets .. Moscowets.
We want to make perfect pickles, "he told him.
"There is no so-called perfect pickle, there are only perfect kinds of pickles"
Then he came back to him saying, "You do not need to improve your current product,
You need to make it tasty. "
And this leads us to interesting species of pickles.
The next person he came from was Campbell's canned drink company.
This was in fact the most important,
Because Howard's work for Campbell is his celebrity.
Campbell manufactured its product Briggo, and Briggo was struggling in the Thames to stay in front of Raju,
Raju was the dominant spaghetti sauce in the market in the 1970s and 1980s.
Now in the industry .. I do not know if that is of interest to you,
Or how much time I need to explain this.
But technically speaking, this is not part of the conversation.
Briggo tomato sauce is better than Rajo
The quality of the tomato is much better, and the spice mix is ​​superior to the Rajo Sauce,
Mix pasta in a way that makes you feel better. In fact,
They were doing a popular test in the 1970s to compare the Raju and Brigo sauce.
Have a spaghetti dish and add the sauce. is not it?
If you add a rajou clot it would settle down at the bottom of the dish, either the Briggo sauce would remain in the above.
This is called gluing
However, regardless of their superiority in the adhesion factor,
And the quality of tomato strength, but the Briggo sauce was struggling to stay.
They came to him and asked him to fix it.
Howard looked at their product line and said,
Your tomato industry has died.
So he said, this is what I would like to do.
Then it took him to work inside Campbell's kitchen,
He made 45 different combinations of spaghetti sauce. With various modifications
Edit them according to any combination you can imagine for a tomato sauce.
Sugar content, garlic, pH, fermentation, tomato,
And according to the solid objects visual .. The scientific term preferred to me in the manufacture of tomato sauce. (Laughter)
Every way you can prepare spaghetti sauce, prepare it.
Then they took 45 kinds of spaghetti sauce and supernatant.
To New York, Chicago, Jacksonville,
And Los Angeles. Bring a large number of people to large halls.
I sat them there for hours, and gave them,
Within two hours, ten dishes.
Ten small dishes of pasta, each dish plus a different kind of sauce.
After eating each dish they had to set a scale from 0 to 100,
Their preference for the sauce.
After the end of that process, after doing for months and months,
They had a mountain of data
About how Americans feel about spaghetti sauce.
He then analyzed the data.
Now, was his task to find the most preferred combination of spaghetti sauce? No !
Howard does not believe in the existence of such a structure.
Instead, look at the data said,
Let's see if we can aggregate this data in packets.
Let us see if we can make sure ideas about all this.
Without a doubt, if I sat down analyzing all that data about spaghetti sauce,
Realize that all Americans can be placed in three groups.
There are people who prefer a light crucifixion,
There are people who prefer spicy
And there are those who prefer chunky.
Among those facts, the third fact was the most remarkable.
Because at that time, in the early 1980s,
If I went to the grocery store,
You did not find a spaghetti sauce.
One of them approached Briggo, saying,
"You're telling me that a third of Americans crave a spaghetti sauce
And so far no one makes them for them? "He answered them: Yes!
Briggo laughed,
And changed the composition of their collage of spaghetti in full,
They came with their abundant bonding, which was immediately and completely
I acquired the spaghetti sauce market in America.
Ten years later, they earned 600 million dollars
Of their hard-packed sauce.
And everyone in the food industry looked at what Howard had done and said,
"Oh my God, we were all thinking wrong!"
This has led you to find seven different types of vinegar,
14 different kind of mascara, 71 different kinds of olive oil ..
Then in the end it was appointed by Rajo,
And Howard did Rajo the same thing he did to Briggo.
And today, if you go to a grocery store, good,
I looked for how many types of Raju sauce there -
Do you know how many? 36!
In six different configurations. Cheese, light, heavy,
Heavy and appetizing, and very compact .. for the garden. (Laughter)
This is Howard's achievement. This is Howard's gift to the American people.
Now why is this an important achievement?
Because it is already well, in fact, tremendously important, I will explain to you why.
Which Howard has done is changing the way workers in the food industry think
The way that makes you happy
Assumption 1 in the food industry was usual
In terms of knowing what people want -
And what will make people happy - is to ask them.
For years, years, years, and years, Raju and Brigo were both
By forming groups to take the opinion of the inventory groups, and sit them and ask them,
"What do you want to be in spaghetti sauce? Tell us what you want in spaghetti sauce."
And throughout those last 20 or 30 years -
Through all those sessions for inventory groups
No one ever told them he wanted a hard-boiled sauce.
Even though at least one-third of them want to do so.
(Laughter)
People do not know what you want! is not it?
As Howard likes to say, "The mind does not realize what the tongue wants."
It's a puzzle!
And a very important step to understanding our desires
The tests made us realize that we can not always explain what we are.
If I ask you all who in the hall for example how you like to taste your coffee,
Learn what you might say? Each one of you may say "I want it dark and heavy half a toaster."
This is what people always say when they want to know what they like to be their coffee.
How do you want it? Dark, oily, and half toaster!
How many percent of you return dark, heavy and half toasted?
According to Howard, the rate ranges from 25 to 27% of you
Most of you like it with light milk or bleach (light coffee).
But you will never say to someone who asks you what you want.
"I want it light, light." (Laughter)
So this is the first thing Howard did.
The second thing that Howard did was that he made us realize ..
It is also a very important point.
He made us realize the importance of what he would call horizontal division
What makes it important? This is important because
Is this how food industry workers thought before Howard came? You understand my point?
What was in their minds at the beginning of the 1980s? The Mustard was very busy at the time.
Specifically, they were obsessed with the story of Bobon. is not it?
There were two types of Mustard Frings and Goldens.
How were they? Yellow Mustard. What was in the Yellow Mustard?
Yellow mustard seeds, turmeric = saffron, and sweet peppers. This was the Mustard.
The company emerged as Bobon and came to De Jan. is not it?
With more brown mustard, some white wine, and a nose
A combination of delicious flavors. What are they doing?
They put the recovered in a small glass jar, with a wonderful brand,
They make it look French, though it is made in Oxnard, California
Instead of pricing the 8-ounce package for a dollar and a half,
In the way of Franchises and Goldens, they decided they priced it for four dollars.
Then they fired those ads, did not they? The man in the Rolls-Royce,
With the return of the Bobon, the other Rolls-Royce suddenly stops
And ask her commander, do you have another one of the Bardon Mustard?
And having done all this, Bobon flew into the sky!
And took control of the Mustard market!
The lesson learned for each person was
That way people make happy
Is to give them something more pricey, something they aspire to. is not it?
Is to make them give back to the thing they love now,
And make them seek the highest hierarchy of bastards.
Best Mustard! And the highest price!
Mustardism with more complexity, culture and meaning.
And Howard looked at that result and said, This is a mistake!
Mustard does not exist on this hierarchy.
Mustard is only present - as is the tomato sauce, horizontal level.
There is no so-called good or bad bastard.
There are no perfect mustard and other defective.
There are - just - different types of mascara suits different types of people.
Make our thinking radically democratic on the issue of taste.
This is why we also condemn Howard Moskowitz to join our voices in a loud thank-you speech.
The third thing that Howard did, perhaps most importantly,
That Howard resisted the Platonic theory. (Laughter)
What do I mean?
For the longer period in the food industry,
There was a feeling that there was one way, like me, to prepare a dish.
If you go to the Chez Paniz restaurant, they give you a chashimi dish made of red-tailed fish
With roasted pumpkin seeds in something .. something moderate.
And they do not give you five choices for this, okay?
Do not tell you you want it with the most severe, or do you want it .. NO!
Submitted to you only. Why? Because the chef at the Chase Paniz restaurant
He has a Platonic theory of the Shashimi.
That is how it should be presented.
It is presented in this way over and over again,
And if she argued it will tell you
"You know, you're wrong! That's the best way this restaurant should be."
Now it is the same idea as the food industry.
They had a theory, Platonic theory, for what was tomato sauce.
Where did you come from? She came from Italy.
Italian tomato sauce is what? Such as light juice.
The culture of tomato sauce is to be light.
When we talked about original tomato sauce in the 1970s,
We talked about Italian tomato sauce. We talked about Raju's first production
And none of its components were powder-free, was it?
It was light, and once you add a little
The noodles permeate and settle down.
That was the case. And why were we related to this?
Because we thought that makes people happy
Hyan provide them with the most common original tomato sauce, this is No. 1
# 2, that if we gave them that sauce,
They will welcome them.
This will make the most people happy.
And the reason why we think so .. In another way,
Cookers were looking for global rules.
They were looking for one way to make us happy.
There is good reason to be enthusiastic about the idea of ​​global rules,
Because all scientific fields in the nineteenth century and most of the twentieth century '
They had that idea.
Psychologists, medicine, and economics; they were all interested in discovery
Rules that govern our behavior.
But that changed. is not it?
Is not that a great scientific revolution that happened in the last 10 or 15 years?
It is a move from seeking general rules to understanding variables.
Now in medical science, we do not necessarily want to know ..
How cancer activates only; but we want to know how its type differs from person to person
I think my cancer is different from yours.
Embryology opened the door to study the diversity of human beings.
What Howard Moskowitz was doing was to contribute to that revolution
Which was needed by the world of tomato sauce.
That is why we owe him deep thanks.
I will give you another picture of diversity pictures, which .. Oh I'm sorry.
Howard did not think only what he was doing but took him to a higher level,
He said that by exploring global principles in the food industry,
Not only do we make a mistake, we actually mistreat ourselves.
He used to hit a coffee example to make it clear.
The coffee field has given him a lot of work for the company Nescafe.
If I ask you, try to choose a coffee brand for me
A combination or mix will make you all happy,
And I asked you to establish the kind that you have gathered,
The average score for those in this room will be about 60 on a scale of 0 to 100.
However, if you would allow me to divide you into packages that reflect your preference for coffee,
Maybe three or four packs,
And I can prepare a coffee type for each group,
That result will jump to 75 or 78.
The difference between a vote for coffee by 60% and others
Is the difference between coffee that makes you loathe,
And coffee that makes you very happy.
This is the end, and I think the most interesting lessons of Howard Moskowitz are
It is built for diversity among humans,
We will find a more sure way towards true happiness.
thank you